Address formatting in articles for some ActiveDirectory cmdlets (#3482)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/activedirectory/Clear-ADAccountExpiration.md

(SAM) account name. You can also set the **Identity** parameter to a user or computer object
variable, such as `$<localUserObject>`, or pass a user or computer object through the pipeline to
the **Identity** parameter. For example, you can use the `Get-ADUser`, `Get-ADComputer`, or
`Search-ADAccount` cmdlet to retrieve an object and then pass the object through the pipeline to the
`Clear-ADAccountExpiration` cmdlet.

For Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS) environments, the **Partition**
parameter must be specified except in the following two conditions:

- The cmdlet is run from an Active Directory provider drive.
- A default naming context or partition is defined for the AD LDS environment.

To specify a default naming context for an AD LDS environment, set the **msDS-defaultNamingContext**
property of the Active Directory directory service agent object (**nTDSDSA**) for the AD LDS
instance.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
Clear-ADAccountExpiration -Identity PattiFuller
```

This command clears the account expiration date for the user with SamAccountName `PattiFuller`.

> ### EXAMPLE 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: Clear an account expiration date by using a distinguished name
```

```powershell
Clear-ADAccountExpiration -Identity 'CN=PattiFuller,DC=AppNC' -Server 'PATTIFU-SVR1:60000'
```

This command clears the account expiration date for the user with DistinguishedName
`CN=PattiFuller,DC=AppNC` on the AD LDS instance `PATTIFU-SVR1:60000`.

## PARAMETERS

### -AuthType

> Specifies the authentication method to use.
> The acceptable values for this parameter are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the authentication method to use. The acceptable values for this parameter are:
```

```

### -PassThru

> Returns an object representing the item with which you are working.
> By default, this cmdlet does not generate any output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an object representing the item with which you're working. By default, this cmdlet doesn't
generate any output.
```

```

### -WhatIf

> Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
> The cmdlet is not run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet isn't run.
```
